Update and clarify Permissions-Policy usage (#42534)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/permissions-policy/fullscreen/index.md

## Default policy

> The default allowlist for `fullscreen` is `self`. The top-level browsing context and same-origin iframes are allowed access to the `fullscreen` feature by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default allowlist for `fullscreen` is `self`. The top-level browsing context and same-origin `<iframe>` embeds are allowed access to the `fullscreen` feature by default.
```
